To verify the relationship between control parameters and tracking error accuracy, as well as the controller update frequency, we used the parameters in Table II in the paper as a reference. Keeping other parameters constant, we presented the effects of k1, k2, k3, and k4 on tracking error accuracy and controller update frequency in this folder.

We provide the tracking errors corresponding to different parameter values in four folders: k1, k2, k3, and k4. Based on the analysis of the convergence domain in Appendix I, we found that the relationship between control parameters k1, k2, k3, and k4 and control accuracy and trigger frequency is not a simple linear relationship, but rather has a turning point. Therefore, we designed simulation experiments to verify the above observations.

When selecting k1 from 0 to 4, the tracking error decreases from 0.06m to 0.0029m, and then increasing k1 further will increase the tracking error. Similarly, when k1 is selected from 0 to 57, the controller update frequency decreases from 38130 times to 8147 times. However, further increasing k1 will increase the controller update frequency.
When selecting k2 from 0 to 2.6, the controller update frequency decreases and the system error decreases. However, further increasing k2 will lead to system instability, while also increasing the controller update frequency. On the other hand, increasing k3 will cause the controller update frequency to start increasing from 29599 times, but the effect of k3 variation on tracking error is relatively small. Increasing k4 will not significantly affect the steady-state error. When k4 increases from 0 to around 20, the controller update frequency decreases, but further increasing k4 will increase the controller update frequency. In conclusion, the relationship between control parameters and control precision, as well as trigger frequency, is not a simple linear one, and their respective change ranges are also not identical. Therefore, we need to strike a balance between control precision and trigger frequency.

The raw data can be obtained on https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ONFCqWbEYVA_gz4fexvXMQ (Extract code: sshy).
